Introduction: 

2070-01-01

Happy New Years! 2070, huh. Time flies by quickly. Now that we're celebrating a new year, and you're one step closer 
to adulthood, I think it's time for you to leave the underworld. Get a little taste of the outside world, if you will. 
Chances are though, if you're reading this, you'll definitely know where you're headed. Haha. You're on Earth! I know how much you've always
to visit the surface and so, as your father, I'm allowing you to get experience this place firsthand - you can probably imagine how 
upset your mother is right now. She's never been fond of adventure, hm? So anyway. This place isn't actually as magnificent as you thought it'd
be. As you may have noticed, the Earth has been tainted. Tainted by harmful chemicals, pollutants and ignorance. I've sent you here on a mission,
son: you need to cleanse the Earth of its filth. Mortals have never been capable of much, and so now is your chance to shine. Using your magical 
abilities from the underworld, eradicate any harm that comes in both your way, and the Earth's. Maybe you'll learn some new powers along the way?
For now, I've given you a radar that displays the amount of potential threats in your proximity. Be sure to eliminate everything before you carry
onto the next area. There's five total locations for you to explore, and their sizes gradually increase as you advance. Oh, and, one more thing. DON'T HURT YOURSELF. Although us reapers are immortal, we react very extremely to these entities on Earth.
If you do hurt yourself though, no worries. Just note that when I send you back to Earth, it isn't really the best feeling. 

Good luck out there! 
- Dad 

Scroll #1: 
This is how I'll be communicating with you. If you want to view/close this scroll, press 'E'. To cast your basic slash attack, hold down the mouse button and drag the following pattern. Good luck! (note: follow the rainbow.)

Scroll #2: 
Good job on clearing those blobs. Seems as if they had mutated from some sort of chemical concoction left laying around. I've noticed that those slimes only move around in a certain area, so you don't have to worry about them wandering too far. Keep moving forward! 

Scroll #3:
You're moving into much more dangerous territory now. I'll show you another spell that will allow you to cast a much more powerful attack - a thunderbolt. Use it at your own discretion, however! It takes a lot of energy. 

Scroll #4:
I've picked up some traces of another mutation... it appears to be what humans call 'televisions'. However, they're no ordinary televisions - they shoot bullets! They're indestructible, so don't even try destroying them. Once a TV is destroyed, you won't have to worry about its bullets anymore. 

Scroll #5: 
This is the ultimate test. I'm sensing a significantly higher amount of enemies in this location... so give it your all! Those spells are all you're gonna get. I'll see you on the other side! 

